YES! YES!
( all groaning )
HEY, IT'S YOUR THANKSGIVING TOO.
INSTEAD OF WATCHING FOOTBALL,
YOU COULD HELP.
WE KNOW.
RACHEL, YOU WANT
TO PUT THE MARSHMALLOWS
IN CONCENTRIC CIRCLES.
NO, MON, YOU WANT TO PUT THEM
I WANT TO DO THIS.
EVERY YEAR.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
Guys:
GO, GO, GO. YES!
FOR ONCE, I AM GOING
TO SIT DOWN
AND TRY TO WATCH
ONE OF THESE THINGS.
Ross:
HALF TIME.
Joey:
HEY, WHO WANTS TO THROW
THE BALL AROUND?
MAYBE GET A LITTLE
THREE-ON-THREE GOING.
OH, THAT WOULD BE SO MUCH FUN.
CAN I PLAY TOO?
I NEVER PLAYED FOOTBALL,
LIKE, EVER.
GREAT. YOU CAN
COVER CHANDLER.
NO, I DON'T REALLY
WANT TO PLAY.
YOU NEVER WANT TO DO ANYTHING
SINCE YOU AND JANICE BROKE UP.
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
I WANTED TO WEAR MY BATHROBE
AND EAT PEANUT CLUSTERS
ALL DAY.
I WANTED TO START DRINKING
IN THE MORNING.
DON'T SAY
THAT I DON'T HAVE GOALS.
CHANDLER, YOU HAVE TO START
GETTING OVER HER.
IF YOU PLAY,
YOU GET SOME FRESH AIR.
MAYBE YOU'LL TAKE
YOUR MIND OFF JANICE.
IF YOU DON'T PLAY,
EVERYONE'LL BE MAD AT YOU
'CAUSE THE TEAMS
WON'T BE EVEN.
COME ON.
ALL RIGHT.
I'LL PLAY.
YAY!
ROSS?
WHAT?
WANT TO PLAY
FOOTBALL?
UM, MONICA AND I
AREN'T SUPPOSED
TO PLAY FOOTBALL.
SAYS WHO, YOUR MOM?
YEAH.
YES.
EVERY THANKSGIVING
WE USED TO HAVE
A TOUCH FOOTBALL GAME
CALLED THE GELLER BOWL.
NO, NO, YOU SAY
THAT PROUDLY.
ANYWAY, ROSS AND I
WERE ALWAYS CAPTAINS
AND, UM, IT GOT
KIND OF COMPETITIVE
AND ONE YEAR,
GELLER BOWL VI
I ACCIDENTALLY
BROKE ROSS'S NOSE.
IT WAS SO NOT AN ACCIDENT.
SHE SAW I WAS
ABOUT TO TAG HER
SO SHE THREW HER BIG, FAT
GRANDMA-ARM ELBOW IN MY FACE
JUST KEPT RUNNING.
YEAH.
TO SCORE THE WINNING TOUCHDOWN,
BY THE WAY.
WHOA, WHOA.
UH, YOU DID NOT WIN THE GAME.
THE TOUCHDOWN
DIDN'T COUNT
BECAUSE OF THE
SPECTACULARLY ILLEGAL--
AND BY THE WAY, SAVAGE--
NOSE BREAKING.
I WON THE GAME.
OH, YEAH?
THEN HOW COME YOU DIDN'T
GET THE GELLER CUP?
THERE WAS A GELLER CUP?
YES. IT WAS THE TROPHY YOU GOT
IF YOU WON THE GAME
BUT OUR DAD SAID
NOBODY WON THAT GAME
AND HE WAS SICK
OF OUR FIGHTING
SO HE TOOK THE TROPHY...
THREW IT IN THE LAKE.
AND WAS THE CURSE LIFTED?
ANYWAY...
THAT'S WHEN MOM SAID
WE WERE NOT ALLOWED
TO PLAY FOOTBALL AGAIN.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I THINK WE SHOULD
PLAY A GAME.
IT'S BEEN 12 YEARS.
CAN I SEE YOU
FOR A SECOND?
( whispering )
WUSS!
ALL RIGHT,
WE'RE GOING TO PLAY.
WAIT A MINUTE,
HOW WILL WE GET THERE?
MY MOM WON'T LET ME
CROSS THE STREET.
ALL RIGHT, LET'S GO.
HEY!
HERE WE GO.
ALL RIGHT, PHEEBS.
OKAY, LET'S BRING IT IN.
THROW IT TO ME,
THROW IT TO ME.
( shrieks )
THAT ALMOST HIT ME IN THE FACE.
Joey:
ALL RIGHT
WE HAVE TO PICK CAPTAINS.
AND THEN TENNILLES.
SO HOW DO WE
DECIDE THAT?
WHY DON'T WE JUST
BUNNY UP?
All:
WHAT?
Both:
BUNNY!
OKAY, LOOKS LIKE
ROSS AND I
ARE CAPTAINS.
I BUNNIED FIRST,
SO I GET TO PICK FIRST.
JOEY.
MONICA...
I'M YOUR BEST FRIEND.
SWEETIE, DON'T WORRY.
YOU'LL GET PICKED.
CHANDLER.
ROSS!
PHOEBE.
SWEETIE, NOW I PICK YOU.
YOU DON'T PICK ME.
YOU'RE STUCK WITH ME.
OKAY.
LET'S PLAY
FROM THE TRASH CAN
TO THE LIGHT POST.
TWO-HAND TOUCH.
WE'LL KICK OFF.
Monica:
ALL RIGHT, PEOPLE,
LISTEN.
I'VE GOT EXACTLY 28 MINUTES
BEFORE I HAVE TO BASTE AGAIN.
WOW, JUST LIKE
IN THE PROS.
HUDDLE UP!
ALL RIGHT, HUDDLE UP.
RIGHT OVER HERE.
COOL! THIS IS
MY FIRST HUDDLE.
OKAY, SO WHAT DO YOU GUYS
REALLY THINK OF CHANDLER?
PHOEBE, YOU KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE DOING, RIGHT?
YEAH.
OKAY. JOEY WILL CATCH IT.
YOU AND I WILL BLOCK.
WHAT'S BLOCK?
YOU SAID YOU KNEW
WHAT YOU WERE DOING.
I THOUGHT YOU MEANT IN LIFE.
BREAK.
THE BALL IS JANICE,
THE BALL IS JANICE.
OW! OW!
OH, SON OF A...! OW!
COME ON.
SORRY. I'M SORRY.
YOU KNOW WHAT--
WE'RE JUST GOING
TO THROW IT.
YES!
( cheering )
Monica:
YES! SCORE!
SEVEN TO NOTHING.
HONEY...
COME ON, LET'S GO.
LOSERS WALK.
YEAH? LOSERS TALK.
NO. ACTUALLY, LOSERS RHYME.
ALL RIGHT.
43, 74...
YOU WANT TO GO
SHOTGUN?
YEAH.
HIKE.
ONE MISSISSIPPI,
TWO MISSISSIPPI
THREE MISSISSIPPI.
HA! I ALMOST CAUGHT THAT ONE.
YEAH, GREAT.
NOW THE SCORE'S SEVEN
TO ALMOST SEVEN.
OKAY.
THIS PLAY,
DO A DOWN AND OUT
TO THE RIGHT.
Both:
BREAK.
WAIT. WHAT AM I GOING TO DO?
YOU...
YOU GO LONG.
HOW LONG?
UNTIL WE START TO LOOK
VERY SMALL.
Both:
BREAK.
SET, HIKE.
ONE MISSISSIPPI,
TWO MISSISSIPPI.
SWITCH, SWITCH, SWITCH.
HA!
HEY, THANKS
FOR STOPPING OUR BALL.
YOU ARE PLAYING
AMERICAN FOOTBALL?
YEAH.
WOW.
YOU'RE, LIKE, FROM
A WHOLE OTHER COUNTRY.
I'M DUTCH.
HI. I'M JOEY.
I'M MARGHA.
I'M SORRY, DUTCH.
I DIDN'T GET
THAT LAST LITTLE BIT.
YOU WANT TO PLAY
FOOTBALL OR...
HI. I'M CHANDLER.
HELLO, CHANDLER.
HER NAME IS DUTCH,
AND ALSO MARC-HA.
MARGHA.
MARC-HA.
MAR-GHA.
♪ MARGHA ♪
COME ON, GUYS,
LET'S GO.
SECOND DOWN.
UH, HELLO, IT'S THIRD DOWN.
NO, IT'S NOT.
IT'S SECOND.
WOW.
WOW, WHAT?
IT AMAZES ME THAT YOU'RE
STILL PULLING STUFF LIKE THIS.
PULLING WHAT?
IT'S SECOND DOWN.
OKAY, IT'S SECOND DOWN.
TAKE ALL
THE SECOND DOWNS
YOU NEED.
I HEARD THAT.
I SAID IT LOUD.
IT IS OKAY IF I STAY AND WATCH?
YEAH, STICK AROUND.
AS LONG
AS YOU NEED TO.
THAT WENT WELL.
I THINK SO.
I WAS THINKING ABOUT
ASKING HER FOR HER NUMBER.
THANKS, MAN, BUT I THINK
IT MAKES A STRONGER STATEMENT
IF I ASK FOR IT MYSELF.
WHOA, OH.
NO, I WAS THINKING
ABOUT FOR ME.
PART OF THAT WHOLE
"GETTING OVER JANICE" THING
YOU WERE TALKING ABOUT.
OH, YEAH. THAT.
ALL RIGHT.
IF IT MEANS THAT MUCH TO YOU,
I'LL LET YOU HAVE HER.
THANKS.
"LET ME HAVE HER"?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
LIKE, IF YOU DIDN'T,
I WOULDN'T HAVE A SHOT?
I DON'T LIKE TO
SAY IT OUT LOUD
BUT...
YEAH.
DON'T FEEL BAD
WE ALL HAVE
OUR STRENGTHS.
YOU'RE BETTER WITH
NUMBERS AND STUFF.
MATH!
YOU'RE GIVING ME MATH?!
ALL RIGHT, LOOK.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
FORGET ABOUT IT.
YOU GO FOR THE GIRL.
WE'LL SEE WHO GETS HER.
CHANDLER, I WANT YOU
TO RUN A POST PATTERN
TO THE LEFT, OKAY?
SWEETIE...
YEAH, I KNOW. GO LONG.
YOU KNOW, ALL I'M DOING
IS RUNNING BACK AND FORTH
FROM THE HUDDLE.
WELL, UH...
YOU WANT TO JUST
STAY OUT THERE?
CAN I SEE THAT FOR A SEC?
YEAH.
OKAY.
HUT, HIKE.
Monica:
ONE MISSISSIPPI...
WHAT THE HELL'S
THE MATTER WITH YOU?
IT'S MY FAVORITE JERSEY.
WELL, NOW YOU HAVE TWO.
HEY, I AM GOOD AT MATH.
I WAS STILL GOING
TO LET YOU HAVE HER
BUT FORGET ABOUT IT.
PREPARE TO FEEL
VERY BAD ABOUT YOURSELF.
I'VE BEEN PREPARING FOR THAT
MY ENTIRE LIFE.
OR SOMETHING ABOUT YOU
THAT'S MEAN.
Monica:
COME ON, GUYS, LET'S GO.
TIE SCORE.
RUNNING OUT OF TIME.
42, 38, HIKE.
( dings )
( grunts )
OH, BROKEN BOOBS!
OW!
PHOEBE, RUN!
TOUCHDOWN, TOUCHDOWN!
NO, NO, NO.
UH, HELLO.
THE BUZZER BUZZED.
IT DOESN'T COUNT.
AFTER THE SNAP.
BEFORE THE SNAP.
AFTER.
BEFORE.
DOES IT REALLY MATTER?
All:
YES!
BUT, OKAY.
I MADE A TOUCHDOWN.
MY FIRST TOUCHDOWN.
PHEEBS, THAT'S GREAT.
IT DOESN'T COUNT.
DOES SO COUNT.
CHEATER, CHEATER,
COMPULSIVE EATER.
( gasps )
OH, MY GOD.
KNOW WHAT?
THAT'S FINE.
MAYBE YOU HAVEN'T GROWN UP,
BUT I HAVE.
OH, OKAY.
DEAD LEG!
OKAY, OKAY,
FINE, FINE.
YOU WANT TO WIN
BY CHEATING?
PHOEBE, THE TOUCHDOWN
DOES COUNT.
YOU WIN.
OH, YAY.
NO.
I WON'T GO THROUGH THIS
WITH YOU AGAIN.
I WANT TO BEAT YOU
WHEN YOU CAN'T BLAME IT
ON THE BROKEN NOSE,
THE BUZZER
OR THE FACT YOU THOUGHT
YOU MIGHT BE GETTING MONO.
LET'S JUST CALL THIS
TIE SCORE
AND IT'S HALF TIME.
FIRST OF ALL,
I DON'T PLAY
WITH CHEATERS
AND SECOND OF ALL
YOU KNOW I HAD
SWOLLEN GLANDS.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I THINK YOU'LL PLAY.
OH, REALLY?
WHY IS THAT?
WHOEVER WINS, GETS THIS.
THE GELLER CUP.
IS EVERYBODY ELSE SEEING
A TROLL DOLL
NAILED TO A 2 x 4?
( all agreeing )
OKAY, GOOD.
WHERE THE HELL
DID YOU GET THAT?
WHEN MOM AND DAD
DROVE YOU
TO THE HOSPITAL
TO GET YOUR NOSE FIXED
I SWAM INTO THE LAKE
AND FISHED IT OUT.
THAT CUP IS MINE.
NO, IT'S NOT.
YOU WANT IT...
YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE TO WIN IT.
ALL RIGHT, SO ARE WE
NOT HAVING DINNER AT ALL?
COME ON, PHOEBE.
IT'S TIME
TO GET SERIOUS.
HUDDLE UP.
JOEY, KEEP YOUR HEAD
IN THE GAME.
IT'S HARD, YOU KNOW?
HIS HUDDLE'S CLOSER
TO THE DUTCH GIRL.
ALL RIGHT, IF I TAKE CHANDLER
OUT OF THE RUNNING
WILL YOU BE ABLE TO FOCUS?
WHAT ARE YOU
GOING TO DO?
JUST MAKE SURE
HE CATCHES THE BALL.
I'LL TAKE CARE
OF THE REST.
BREAK.
HERE YOU GO.
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
COME ON! THIS WAY.
( both grunting )
WHOA! WHOA!
TACKLED BY A GIRL.
BET YOU DON'T SEE THAT
EVERY DAY.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA!
WHAT'S WITH
THE TACKLING?
WHAT?!
I JUST TOUCHED HIM
AND HE WENT OVER.
OKAY. YOU WANT
TO PLAY ROUGH?
WE CAN PLAY ROUGH.
Announcer:
LET'S GET READY TO RUMBLE..!
...THREE MISSISSIPPI.
( laughing )
( techno music playing )
♪ Y'ALL READY FOR THIS? ♪
HERE!
( screams )
( screaming )
( screaming continues )
♪ YEAH! ♪
HIKE!
♪ YEAH ♪
♪ YEAH! ♪
I LOVE THIS GAME!
HEY, WHERE'D YOU GET THAT?
I WENT REALLY LONG.
( chanting ):
42 TO 21!
LIKE THE TURKEY,
ROSS IS DONE!
IT'S NO SURPRISE
THAT YOU'RE WINNING.
YOU PICKED FIRST,
SO YOU GOT THE BETTER TEAM.
YOU'RE SO PATHETIC.
WHY CAN'T YOU ACCEPT IT?
WE'RE WINNING
BECAUSE I'M BETTER THAN YOU.
( snorting )
OH, WHAT A GREAT ARGUMENT--
EXHALING.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'LL PROVE IT TO YOU, OKAY?
I'LL TRADE YOU JOEY FOR RACHEL
AND I'LL STILL WIN THE GAME.
WHA..? THE GUYS
AGAINST THE GIRLS?
SEE, THAT'S RIDICULOUS,
MONICA
BECAUSE I'M ONLY DOWN
BY THREE TOUCHDOWNS.
OH... THEN BRING IT ON.
OH, UNLESS, OF COURSE
YOU'RE AFRAID YOU MIGHT LOSE
TO A BUNCH OF GIRLS.
( giggles )
FINE, FINE.
RACHEL, YOU'RE WITH MONICA.
JOEY, YOU'RE WITH ME.
I CANNOT BELIEVE
YOU ARE TRADING ME.
LET'S SEE WHAT IT'S LIKE
TO BE ON A WINNING TEAM.
YOU'RE GOING
TO LET ME PLAY?
ALL RIGHT, THEN.
THE GAME IS OVER?
WE EAT NOW?
THE GAME'S NOT OVER.
WE'RE JUST SWITCHING TEAMS.
CHANDLER FINDS ME
SO INTIMIDATING
THAT IT'S BETTER IF
WE'RE ON THE SAME TEAM.
RIGHT, OKAY,
LET'S PLAY.
LET'S GO.
WHOA, HOLD ON
A SECOND, JOE.
WHERE DO DUTCH PEOPLE
COME FROM?
UH, WELL, THE, UH...
PENNSYLVANIA DUTCH
COME FROM PENNSYLVANIA.
AND THE, UH,
OTHER DUTCH PEOPLE?
THEY COME FROM SOMEWHERE
NEAR THE NETHERLANDS, RIGHT?
NICE TRY.
YOU SEE, THE NETHERLANDS
IS THIS MAKE-BELIEVE PLACE
WHERE PETER PAN AND
TINKERBELL COME FROM.
OH, MY.
ENOUGH WITH GEOGRAPHY
FOR THE INSANE.
LET'S PLAY SOME BALL.
WHOA, NO, UH-UH.
I'M NOT PLAYING
WITH THIS GUY NOW.
FINE WITH ME.
I'VE HAD ENOUGH OF THIS.
LET'S JUST CUT
TO THE CHASE.
HEIDI, WHICH OF MY BOYS
DO YOU LIKE?
Joey and Chandler:
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
SHH! SHH!
WHICH DO I LIKE?
YEAH, YOU KNOW
FOR DATING,
GENERAL MERRIMENT
TAKING BACK
TO YOUR WINDMILL...
WELL, IF I HAD TO CHOOSE
RIGHT NOW--
WHICH, BY THE WAY,
I FIND REALLY WEIRD--
I WOULD HAVE TO SAY...
CHANDLER.
YES!
NOW, WAIT A MINUTE,
WAIT A MINUTE.
SHE DIDN'T UNDERSTAND
THE QUESTION.
WHY DON'T YOU HAVE
CAPTAIN HOOK EXPLAIN IT?
I'M SORRY, JOEY.
THAT IS MY TRUTH.
YOU HEAR THAT?
THAT IS HER TRUTH,
MR. I'LL-LET-YOU-HAVE-HER.
I WIN. YOU SUCK.
I RULE ALL.
MINI-WAVE
AND CELEBRATION TO ME!
A-WOO-HOO!
I AM NOW THINKING
I WOULD LIKE TO CHANGE
MY ANSWER TO... NO ONE.
W-W-WHAT?
I NOW FIND YOU
SHALLOW AND, UM...
A DORK.
BYE-BYE.
NICE GOING.
YOU JUST SAVED YOURSELF
A COUPLE MONTHS OF SEX.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
DOESN'T MATTER
BECAUSE SHE PICKED ME.
ME!
FROM NOW ON,
I GET THE DATES
AND YOU HAVE TO STAY HOME
ON SATURDAY NIGHTS
WATCHING READY, SET, COOK.
SAVE THE BREAKTHROUGHS
FOR THERAPY, OKAY?
THE CLOCK IS TICKING.
WE HAVE NO TIME,
AND WE ARE LOSING.
WE ARE LOSING TO GIRLS.
WE'RE NOT GOING
TO LOSE TO GIRLS.
HEY, IT'S 42 TO 21.
THIS SUCKS.
I WAS JUST UP
BY THAT MUCH.
ARE WE PLAYING FOOTBALL
OR WHAT?
COME ON, YOU
HAIRY-BACKED MARYS.
WE HAVE TO DO THIS.
WE ARE PLAYING FOR
WOMEN EVERYWHERE.
JUST THINK ABOUT EVERY
LOUSY DATE YOU EVER HAD.
EVERY GUY WHO KEPT
ONE EYE ON THE T.V.
WHILE YOU WERE MAKING OUT.
OH, MY GOD, YOU DATED SOMEONE
WITH A GLASS EYE TOO?
COME ON, OKAY?
COME ON, THIS IS
FOR ALL WOMANKIND.
LET'S KILL 'EM!
YEAH! KILL 'EM!
ALL RIGHT.
WELL, NO, I WANT
TO KILL THEM, TOO
BUT THEY'RE BOYS.
YOU KNOW, HOW ARE WE
GOING TO BEAT THREE BOYS?
( "Miserlou" by Dick Dale
and The Del-Tones playing )
WE STILL HAVE
A MINUTE AND
A HALF LEFT
AND WE'RE DOWN
BY TWO POINTS.
TWO POINTS, LADIES.
( high-pitched babbling )
PHOEBE, YOU DO
A BUTTONHOOK AGAIN.
RACHEL, YOU GO LONG.
NO. COME ON,
DON'T MAKE ME GO LONG.
USE ME.
THEY NEVER COVER ME.
HONEY, THERE'S A REASON.
( sighs )
COME ON, I AM NOT LAME, OKAY?
I CAN DO SOMETHING.
I CAN THROW.
WOULD YOU LET ME THROW?
THIS IS MY GAME TOO.
COME ON, LET HER
THROW THE BALL.
ALL RIGHT,
RACHEL
SWEEP BEHIND,
I'LL PITCH IT TO YOU
YOU THROW IT TO PHOEBE.
THANK YOU. THANK YOU.
BREAK.
OKAY...
THIRTY-TWO...
SEVENTY-ONE, HIKE.
ONE MISSISSIPPI,
TWO MISSISSIPPI
THREE MISSISSIPPI!
( screams )
OW!
OH, GOD!
I'M SO SORRY.
ARE YOU OKAY?
NO, I'M NOT OKAY.
SORRY. THEY WERE
JUST ALL COMING AT ME
AND I DIDN'T KNOW
WHAT TO DO.
30 SECONDS LEFT ON THE TIMER...
OKAY, SO WE GET TO TAKE THAT,
UH, STUPID TROLL-THING HOME.
NO, YOU DON'T.
COME ON, HURRY.
WE'RE RUNNING OUT OF TIME.
HUDDLE UP.
OKAY.
OH...
OH, THIS IS
OUR LAST HUDDLE.
ALL RIGHT...
PHOEBE, GET OPEN.
RACHEL... GO LONG.
OKAY.
BREAK.
( Theme music from The Natural
playing )
( screams )
I SCORED A TOUCHDOWN!
WE DID IT! WE WIN!
TOUCHDOWN! WHOO!
WE WIN!
YES!
YOU KNOW, RACHEL,
FUNNY THING...
ACTUALLY, THE END ZONE
STARTS AT THAT POLE
SO YOU'RE FIVE FEET SHORT,
SO...
( chuckles )
WE WIN.
WHOO!
YES! YES, YES, YES...
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT
EXPLAIN SOMETHING
TO ME, THOUGH.
IF NOBODY TAGGED RACHEL
THEN ISN'T THE
PLAY STILL GOING?
I GOT IT! I GOT IT!
I GOT IT!
LET GO! LET GO!
TOUCHDOWN, BUDDY. WE WIN.
NO WAY! LET GO!
LET GO?
I'M A TINY LITTLE WOMAN.
GUYS, GUYS, COME ON.
IT'S THANKSGIVING.
IT'S NOT IMPORTANT
WHO WINS OR LOSES.
THE IMPORTANT THING IS
THE DUTCH GIRL PICKED ME.
ME, NOT YOU.
HOLLAND LOVES CHANDLER.
THANK YOU AMSTERDAM!
GOOD NIGHT!
( grunts )
OW!
WE SHOULD PLAY FOOTBALL
MORE OFTEN.
MAYBE THERE'S A LEAGUE
WE COULD JOIN.
ISN'T THERE, LIKE
A NATIONAL FOOTBALL LEAGUE?
YES. YES, THERE IS.
THEY PLAY ON SUNDAYS
AND MONDAY NIGHTS.
OH, SHOOT.
I WORK MONDAY NIGHTS.
OH...
MM. THIS STUFFING IS AMAZING.
DO YOU THINK
WE SHOULD BRING THEM SOME?
WHEN THEY'RE HUNGRY ENOUGH,
THEY'LL COME IN.
LET GO!
NO, YOU LET GO!
NO!
HOW COME IT'S ALWAYS US
LEFT ON THE FIELD
HOLDING THE BALL?
I DON'T KNOW.
GUESS THE OTHER PEOPLE
JUST DON'T CARE ENOUGH.
[Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]
HEY, IT'S STARTING TO SNOW.
AHH...
GIVE IT TO ME!
LET GO! GIVE IT!
COME ON, LET GO!
LET GO!